As2 v6 template updates mc (#970)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: as2/6.0/modules/ROOT/pages/index.adoc

= AS2 Connector 6.0 - Mule 4
:page-aliases: connectors::as2/as2-connectorMule4.adoc

Support Category: https://www.mulesoft.com/legal/versioning-back-support-policy#anypoint-connectors[Premium]

Mule runtime engine (Mule) supports the AS2 protocol through Anypoint Connector for AS2 (AS2 Connector).

AS2 Connector enables trading partners to transmit and receive AS2 messages with EDI-X12, EDIFACT, XML, or binary payloads, for example:

* Send messages, signed or unsigned, over HTTP or HTTPS, using the AS2 protocol
* Receive messages over HTTP or HTTPS, using the AS2 protocol
* Receive asynchronous MDN for sent messages

> For compatibility information and fixed issues, see the AS2 Connector Release Notes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer 2: We are keeping this line (it's in the template)--just not linking to the release notes since the link is in the info box

=== Considerations when Migrating from the AS2 connector 5.x

AS2 Connector 6.0 requires Mule 4.3.0 or later. Refer to xref:as2-connector-upgrade-migrate.adoc[Upgrade and Migrate] for more information.

== Common Use Cases For the Connector

* Send with sync MDN

Sends a message through HTTP or HTTPS using the AS2 protocol requesting the partner for a synchronous MDN (receipt)

* Send with async MDN

Sends a message through HTTP or HTTPS using the AS2 protocol requesting the partner for an asynchronous MDN (receipt)

* Listener

Source that receives messages via HTTP or HTTPS using the AS2 protocol

* MDN Listener

Source that receives asynchronous MDN receipts via HTTP or HTTPS using the AS2 protocol

* Non repudiation Listener

Source that receives a signed copy of a receipt or a message for persistent non-repudiation storage

== Non-Repudiation Storage of AS2 Messages and MDNs

If needed, you can configure non-repudiation storage for your AS2 operations to support regulatory or compliance requirements.

Only signed messages and MDNs are eligible for non-repudiation.

The following AS2 Connector 6.0 sources and operations support the non-repudiation feature:

> * AS2 Send Sync Operation
> * AS2 Send Async Operation
> * AS2 Listener
> * AS2 MDN Listener

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  *As 2 listener* source
* *As 2 mdn listener* source
* *Send with Async MDN* operation
* *Send with Sync MDN* operation
```

Reviewer: Names as appear in Studio

Reviewer 2: Here I'm not referring to the UI and also, it looks terrible in the UI.
